w3c -- World Wide Web Consortium
URI   ----Uniform Resource Identifier (URI)
BFC(Block Formatting Context)
SGML (Standard Generalized Markup Language) 

==> GIT -------------------------------------
    what is git?
        git is version control. git is software.
    steps:   stash, pull, pop stash, stage changes, commit, push

    what is repository?    
        repository is like place where we store our code, multiple person work on single project.
        eg: github, bitbucket 

    what is conflict?
        what i have changed if someone also change that text, line or file then we will get conflict.
    how to solve conflict?
        we have to select required changes and push.

    how to clone?
    copy clone link, go to our folder where we want our project, right click open git bash paste clone link
    then it will automatically clone our project.

    how change directory means master to dev?
    Open project on vs code on left side bottom you can see master or dev directory.
    on click you can change directory.
   
==> OTHER -----------------------------

    Which of the following is the first web browser?
    Nexus, The first web browser was invented in 1990 called World Wide Web which was later renamed to Nexus.

    What's the difference between WWW and HTTP?
    Simply put, HTTP is the protocol that enables communication online, transferring data from one machine to another. WWW is the set
    of linked hypertext documents that can be viewed on web browsers (such as Firefox, Google Chrome, and more). A major similarity,
    though, is that both HTTP and WWW are used in website URLs.

    Why do we use .com?
    com in .com stands for commercial and the domains ending with .com represents a site which is related to something commercial but 
    this is not true for all the websites nowadays. The .com at the end of many web addresses is called a top-level domain (TLD). 

    What is a URL made up of?
    A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is a unique identifier used to locate a resource on the internet. It is also referred to as a web 
    address.URLs consist of multiple parts -- including a protocol and domain name -- that tell a web browser how and where to retrieve
    a resource.
    
    What does .com .org .gov mean?
    Com, . Org. ... org and . net, are abbreviations for "commercial," "organization" and "network" respectively, but common use has 
    moved away from these definitions, with .com becoming the most popular TLD even for sites with no commercial activity.

    Can .org be trusted?
    Be careful with the domain . org, because . org is usually used by non-profit organizations which may have an agenda of persuasion
    rather than education in general org is better for organisations helping the "public" 

    .net ?
    net is better for other websites both commercial and personal

    Is a .biz domain good?
    biz sounds like it should be perfect for a business, it's not the first choice for many reasons





    mail span (codeinwp.com/blog/why-are-my-emails-going-to-spam/).
    What is the internet?
    how does the Internet work?
    What is HTTP and how it evolved?
    How do browsers work?
    What are domain names and hosting?
    How DNS works?

